net: lwm2m_client_utils: Add changelog for RAI changes (#13636)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

>   * Added a workaround for ground fix location assistance queries in AVSystem Coiote by using fixed Connectivity Monitor object version.
>     This is enabled in the :file:`overlay-assist-cell.conf` configuration overlay.
>   * Enable Release Assistance Indication (RAI) feature. This helps to save power by releasing the network connection faster on network that supports it.
>   * Set eDRX cycle to 10.24s for both LTE-M and Nb-IOT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added:
  
    * A workaround for ground fix location assistance queries in AVSystem Coiote by using fixed Connectivity Monitor object version.
      This is enabled in the :file:`overlay-assist-cell.conf` configuration overlay.
    * Release Assistance Indication (RAI) feature.
      This helps to save power by releasing the network connection faster on a network that supports it.

  * Updated the eDRX cycle to 10.24s for both LTE-M and Nb-IOT.
```

  * Added support for using a password when connecting to a broker.

* :ref:`lib_lwm2m_client_utils` library:

>   * Modified the Release Assistance Indication (RAI) support to follow socket state changes from LwM2M engine, and modify RAI values based on the state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated the Release Assistance Indication (RAI) support to follow socket state changes from LwM2M engine, and modify RAI values based on the state.
```
